to try to get this and try it out. First, we will import the packages optuna numpy pandas.
And from scikit-learn, we are going to be using the breast cancer data set. And we will also use
these also. All right. So basic steps. First, we will download the data, load the data set, which is
the breast cancer data set. We get the X, the features and the Y form the use strain test split to form
your X-train, X-validation, Y-train and Y-validation. Basic steps. Now, in order to do the
hyper parameter optimization, we define the objective function. This is the key. This is
the main part where you define what the hyper parameters are. So you are passing it into a
dictionary. Okay. Hyper parameters and what could be the potential values each of these parameters
could take. Okay. Depending on what the nature of the values are here, these are integers. So trial
dot suggestion. Okay. This trial is the object that we are passing to the objective itself.
Then we will train the, train the random forest classifier, fit it. That is, this is the training
part itself. Then get the predicted values and compute the accuracy score. And we are returning